For the UI portion,
let's open up our RegistrationController, and we'll go to the
bottom of here and we'll create a new PostMapping.
And the URL that we want to hit with that is registration/update. We'll
follow the CRUD conventions of a RESTful service,
and we're going to add in here public@ResponseBody and we
will return the Registration object.
We'll call this method updateRegistration.
We can pass in here an @Valid @ModelAttribute,
and the ModelAttribute we'll name registration, and
we'll tie that to a registration object.
And I'm going to give myself a little space down here to break that on
the next line. So we'll say Registration registration.
And for error handling,
we're not going to do anything with it for this basic
example, but we could catch any errors in a binding result
and, if we needed to, work on those.
We have everything tied in here.
Now we can go ahead and call our registrationService,
and we'll still call addRegistration and pass in our registration object.
And now we have this new method in here that we'll
call our same addRegistration,
but our addRegistration got smart and can determine whether or not
we are creating a new one or updating an existing one and then
passing that through to our repository tier,
which also got a little bit of intelligence around there doing the same thing.
Let's start our server up in case you've shut yours down and
let that automatically deploy to our server, and I'm going to switch over to Postman to run this example.